This Student Enrollment Agreement (this “Agreement”) is a binding agreement between
as the “Student”, and Dean Institute, with regard to a single
enrollment in an Advanced Career Training program that may consist of a single or
multiple programs. This Agreement becomes binding and effective upon the Student’s
acceptance, indicated by online acknowledgement of receipt of, and agreement to, the
provisions of this Agreement.
The parties hereto agree as follows:

1. ADMISSIONS CRITERIA: The Student shall have responsibility for review of the
Program Description for the program of the Student’s choice (available at
www.deanny.org), whether the Student self-enrolls or enrolls with the assistance of a
Dean Institute staff member.

2. TUITION: Tuition or down payment for programs and/or courses, including any
applicable taxes, must be received by Dean Institute before the Student will be
registered. If the Student is unable to make a one-time full tuition payment prior to
registering for a program/course, the Student may discuss options to make tuition
payments and execute a written agreement with a detailed payment plan offered by
Dean Institute. Tuition payments are predetermined by course type. Registration and
any material fees are not refundable and not transferable. For details on the tuition
payment, please see Appendix A.

3. COMPLETION REQUIREMENTS: In order to receive a Certificate of Completion, the
Student must successfully complete the program by the date indicated in Dean
Institute’s Student Center following the date on which the Student enrolls in the
program, and tuition must be paid in full before the Student can receive a Certificate of
Completion. If the Student fails to meet the minimum ninety percent (90%) attendance
standard and does not complete all the assigned homework, the Student will not receive
a Certificate of Completion.

4. PROGRAM CANCELLATION POLICY: The Student may request the Student's
enrollment be canceled at any time before the Student is registered for and granted
access to the program or the first program, if purchasing more than one program at a
time.